README.md, before:

# WhatsApp Baileys

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://files.catbox.moe/1jr5sg.jpg" alt="Thumbnail" />
</p>

/*
  ©2025 FallZx Infinity. All Rights Reserved.

  Type: Lilys-Baileys WhatsApp Bot
  Creator: FallZx Infinity
  YouTube: fallzx-features

  PROHIBITED:
  - Copying any part of this code without explicit permission.
  - Selling, redistributing, or modifying the code without the author's approval.
  - Claiming this project as your own.

  WARNING:
  Any act of plagiarism, data theft, or illegal redistribution of this project
  will be subject to legal action under applicable intellectual property laws.

  This project is NOT open-source. Unauthorized use of the code is strictly forbidden.

  For collaboration or usage permissions, please contact via YouTube: fallzx-features
*/


---

### 🚀 Key Features & Benefits

- 🔐 Flexible Pairing Options
Supports both automatic and custom pairing methods for seamless connectivity.

- 🛠️ Improved Stability
Resolves previous pairing issues that caused connection failures or unexpected disconnections.

- 💬 Rich Interactive Messaging
Enables interactive messages, action buttons, and dynamic menus for engaging user experiences.

- 🔄 Smart Session Management
Automatically manages sessions efficiently to ensure consistent and reliable performance.

- 📱 Multi-Device Compatibility
Fully compatible with the latest WhatsApp multi-device capabilities.

- ⚙️ Lightweight & Easy Integration
Designed to be lightweight, stable, and easy to embed into a wide range of systems.

- 🤖 Ideal for Bots & Automation
Perfect for building chatbots, customer service automation, and full-scale communication solutions.

- 📘 Developer-Friendly Resources
Comes with comprehensive documentation and ready-to-use code examples to accelerate development.

---

### 🚀 Getting Started

Begin by installing the library via your preferred package manager, then follow the provided configuration guide. You can also utilize the ready-made example codes to understand how the features work. Use session storage and interactive messaging features to build complete, stable solutions tailored to your business or project needs.

---

### Why Choose whatsapp baileys?

Start by installing the library using your preferred package manager. Follow the step-by-step configuration guide to set everything up quickly. Explore the included example codes to understand key features in action. Leverage session management and interactive messaging capabilities to build robust, scalable solutions tailored to your project's or business's specific needs.

---

## ✨ Fitur Unggulan

• ✅ Supports custom pairing codes that are stable and secure
Mendukung kode pairing kustom yang stabil dan aman untuk koneksi WhatsApp.

• 🛠️ Fixes previous issues related to pairing and authentication
Telah diperbaiki dari berbagai masalah sebelumnya terkait pairing dan otentikasi.

• 💬 Features interactive messages and action buttons for dynamic menu creation
Menyediakan fitur pesan interaktif dan tombol aksi untuk membuat menu dinamis dengan mudah.

• 🔄 Automatic and efficient session management for long-term stability
Manajemen sesi otomatis dan efisien untuk kestabilan penggunaan jangka panjang.

• 📱 Compatible with the latest multi-device features from WhatsApp
Kompatibel dengan fitur multi-perangkat terbaru dari WhatsApp.

• ⚙️ Easy to integrate and customize based on your needs
Mudah diintegrasikan dan dikustomisasi sesuai kebutuhan pengembanganmu.

• 🤖 Perfect for developing bots, customer service automation, and other communication applications
Cocok untuk membuat bot, otomatisasi layanan pelanggan, atau aplikasi komunikasi lainnya.

---

📚 For full documentation, installation instructions, and usage examples, please refer to the official GitHub repository and join the community discussions. This project is actively maintained and continuously improved to support developers building modern WhatsApp automation solutions.

🙏 Thank you for choosing WhatsApp Baileys as your trusted tool for WhatsApp automation. We appreciate your support!

Commit message:

feat!: switch to baileys-corp base, branding Decagramton v3.2.7

README.md, after:

# <div align="center">ZetaGo-Aurum Decagramton</div>

<div align="center">

![ZetaGo-Aurum](https://img.shields.io/badge/ZetaGo--Aurum--Decagramton-v3.2.7-gold?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white)
![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-3.2.7-blue?style=for-the-badge)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green?style=for-the-badge)

**The Ten-Pointed Star of Speed**
*Premium. Secure. Enterprise.*

[Features](#features) • [Installation](#installation) • [Usage](#usage) • [Safety](#safety)

</div>

/*
  ©2025 FallZx Infinity. All Rights Reserved.

  Type: ZetaGo Aurum Decagramton WhatsApp Bot
  Creator: FallZx Infinity
  YouTube: fallzx-features

  PROHIBITED:
  - Copying any part of this code without explicit permission.
  - Selling, redistributing, or modifying the code without the author's approval.
  - Claiming this project as your own.

  WARNING:
  Any act of plagiarism, data theft, or illegal redistribution of this project
  will be subject to legal action under applicable intellectual property laws.

  This project is NOT open-source. Unauthorized use of the code is strictly forbidden.

  For collaboration or usage permissions, please contact via YouTube: fallzx-features
*/


---

### 🚀 Key Features & Benefits

- 🔐 Flexible Pairing Options
Supports both automatic and custom pairing methods for seamless connectivity.

- 🛠️ Improved Stability
Resolves previous pairing issues that caused connection failures or unexpected disconnections.

- 💬 Rich Interactive Messaging
Enables interactive messages, action buttons, and dynamic menus for engaging user experiences.

- 🔄 Smart Session Management
Automatically manages sessions efficiently to ensure consistent and reliable performance.

- 📱 Multi-Device Compatibility
Fully compatible with the latest WhatsApp multi-device capabilities.

- ⚙️ Lightweight & Easy Integration
Designed to be lightweight, stable, and easy to embed into a wide range of systems.

- 🤖 Ideal for Bots & Automation
Perfect for building chatbots, customer service automation, and full-scale communication solutions.

- 📘 Developer-Friendly Resources
Comes with comprehensive documentation and ready-to-use code examples to accelerate development.

---

### 🚀 Getting Started

Begin by installing the library:

```bash
npm install @zetagoaurum-socket/decagramton
```

Then follow the provided configuration guide. You can also utilize the ready-made example codes to understand how the features work. Use session storage and interactive messaging features to build complete, stable solutions tailored to your business or project needs.

---

### Why Choose whatsapp baileys?

Start by installing the library using your preferred package manager. Follow the step-by-step configuration guide to set everything up quickly. Explore the included example codes to understand key features in action. Leverage session management and interactive messaging capabilities to build robust, scalable solutions tailored to your project's or business's specific needs.

---

## ✨ Fitur Unggulan

• ✅ Supports custom pairing codes that are stable and secure
Mendukung kode pairing kustom yang stabil dan aman untuk koneksi WhatsApp.

• 🛠️ Fixes previous issues related to pairing and authentication
Telah diperbaiki dari berbagai masalah sebelumnya terkait pairing dan otentikasi.

• 💬 Features interactive messages and action buttons for dynamic menu creation
Menyediakan fitur pesan interaktif dan tombol aksi untuk membuat menu dinamis dengan mudah.

• 🔄 Automatic and efficient session management for long-term stability
Manajemen sesi otomatis dan efisien untuk kestabilan penggunaan jangka panjang.

• 📱 Compatible with the latest multi-device features from WhatsApp
Kompatibel dengan fitur multi-perangkat terbaru dari WhatsApp.

• ⚙️ Easy to integrate and customize based on your needs
Mudah diintegrasikan dan dikustomisasi sesuai kebutuhan pengembanganmu.

• 🤖 Perfect for developing bots, customer service automation, and other communication applications
Cocok untuk membuat bot, otomatisasi layanan pelanggan, atau aplikasi komunikasi lainnya.

---

📚 For full documentation, installation instructions, and usage examples, please refer to the official GitHub repository and join the community discussions. This project is actively maintained and continuously improved to support developers building modern WhatsApp automation solutions.

🙏 Thank you for choosing WhatsApp Baileys as your trusted tool for WhatsApp automation. We appreciate your support!
